do what you have to do sir put your
hands in front you Holmes together I had
well like what
[Music]
the heck is out what they are doing I
said where did I break the line
it was scary moment I am fed up up to
here with you walking around picking up
after your chef running around after
your sons after Mark tonight you're not
doing it
you don't touching anything tonight
you're gonna tell them exactly what
you'll do
run your business vocally you're not
getting arrested you silly Billy my
dad's supposed to be a manager supposed
to be verbally conducting the situation
as opposed to like physically cleaning
about the people thank you Bob okay
first they were just mad to arrive let's
go good luck by the way try not to show
the handcuffs give him talk today yes